Internet Society Call
=====================

:date: April 2, 2019   

## Attendance

- Mark Buell
- Katie Jordon
- Benedict Lau

## Notes

- DWeb visions relevant to conversations at [Indigenous Connectivity Summit (ICS)](https://www.internetsociety.org/events/indigenous-connectivity-summit/) (next one will be in Nov)
    - Perhaps ISOC can sponsor community leaders who will be at ICS to attend DWeb
- ISOC is visiting indigenous communities in the Northwest Territories end-April to mid-May (7 communities each < 100 people in size, and work with land claim organizations)
    - Identify youth to be trained as network operator in the region
    - Communities where the nearest Internet connection point may be 1000 km away
        - Ben feels offline applications like Mapeo may spark interesting conversations
        - Mark shared local offline mapping practices, which Ben thought is valuable to share at DWeb
    - Power goes in and out, unreliable
        - Ben feels there may be opportunities for projects relating to renewable energy sources work (solar and wind) at the Farm
- ISOC is interested in holding 4-5 spots at DWeb (2 for staff and 2-3 for community representatives possibly from the Northwest Territories and people who will be at ICS)
- Answering Katie’s question regarding “general vibe” and current state of planning:
    - [Event announcement](https://blog.archive.org/2019/03/24/coming-this-summer-the-first-dweb-camp/) aiming for website with details in mid-April
    - [Ways to get involved or put comments](https://github.com/dweb-camp-2019/organizing)
    - Getting inspirations and input from [ScuttleCamp planning committee](https://one.camp.scuttlebutt.nz)
    - In terms of [agenda and programming flow this is the discussion thread](https://github.com/dweb-camp-2019/organizing/issues/52)
    - [Preliminary project discussions](https://github.com/dweb-camp-2019/applications/issues)
        - Please post ideas or general hopes & dreams!

## TODO

- [ ] Mark and Katie will have internal conversation re: logistics and ISOC budget to support travel
- [ ] Ben to follow up with details in mid-April when full event details and ticket policy is published
- [ ] Ben will discuss with Internet Archive to see how we can support this and follow up in early-May
